add changelog item for index page sort (#330)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-07.mdx

title: Changelog | July, 2024
---

## Index Page Sorting

_July 30th, 2024_

> We've added another quality-of-life improvement for the index/file browser pages for Prompts, Documents, Test Suites, and Workflows. You'll now see a "Sort by" dropdown next to the other page-level controls. You can now sort both folders and files by created date, modified date, and label. If there are other sort fields that you'd find useful, please let us know!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added another quality-of-life improvement for the index/file browser pages for Prompts, Documents, Test Suites, and Workflows. You'll now see a "Sort by" dropdown next to the other page-level controls. You can now sort both folders' and files' by created date, modified date, and label. If there are other sort fields that you'd find useful, please let us know!
```
